the rhythm I pretty much stick to is my
the the main part of what I do is based
off of kind of a Jinny Martin philosophy
which is necessarily hitting one string
a lot of rhythm players you hear a lot
of
and I kind of base it more off of full
up and down stroke or
that's kind of the main part of what I
do and there's a little bit of freedom
within that to change it up and and put
more emphasis on the down strokes or the
up strokes whatever whatever the
situation calls for
generally the things that are difficult
that you tend not to want to do over and
over again do those things work on the
hard things working on the hand things
the things that you know the things that
come easy to you most people tend to do
that almost they spend almost all other
practice time doing the things that are
already somewhat easy take things that
are difficult and exhausting or learn to
play something upside down strokes where
you'd normally hit a Down stroke learn
how to play with an upstroke or even
something as simple as just like a
little cross picking
maybe not the best example but that's a
good exercise to get to build up the
muscles in your hand you have to have
you know you definitely have to work on
your speed and building up your muscles
and that's more easily acquired playing
the more difficult things
do something play down the neck a real
simple melody then maybe bring it up the
neck a little bit to where there's a
little more implied melody yeah so maybe
try let's maybe try it do two solos do
like a real what okay or or all do you
know I'll do a real basic down the neck
and do something up the neck so like
there we're gonna as basic as you would
get I'd say
you
I think that's it great you know where
the melody is implied he doesn't really
leave the melody alone if you listen to
just the solo
hey so if we were to start
and there
you